Alright my kids today I'm here to
discuss a topic that although you're going to
find really entertaining of course they haven't
hit on Australia or Cabrera
no this amuses us all but I'd
like to discuss it with a little
seriousness okay I don't know a hundred percent if it's
true tonight in Zealand or
apparently as soon as he set foot in Uruguay because
from what was said they were waiting for him
there with open arms I don't know if they
're related to these latest
accusations I don't know if you've
heard if you follow me on twitter you won't
miss any of these little things there are a lot of
things that are just nibbles of which I don't
make videos so I recommend that you
follow me on twitter especially
although also on mixed gram and you'll
find out the tone I wouldn't miss a joke
don't be a hundred percent if they had something to do with it it's
made hang in there big although they are
blessed glory let's see them let's see that they do
n't like me this video I don't know if they had anything to
do with the accusations
not with the photos that we've seen this from
behind of Yao Cabrera doing a meet
and greet okay so that's not  sown are a
meet and greet because [ __ ]
because you are very Spanish of pure race I
don't know what a meet and greet is
andry it's like a gig okay like in
Spain
to a room to a disco or a
place where the fans get in line and
pay to take a picture with
them give them a hug that signs
something no because they are my blood and there are some
photos of liao cabrera eche kissing the fan on the
mouth I think it does have
something to do with it no that they have caught and people
who have seen her on the street because of an exit
kiss with this guy we are not going to see the
video in question of this fight there was
someone there recording with their cell phone
just like my friend juanito saito who
leaves his channel down here the [ __ ]
tibi where you could enter all the
restrooms on youtube
he I think he's going to upload a video today in
fact on this subject we are going to see the video
well we see that they are people who are
very fine people nolan educated and such and we see
that they are like in a in a
neighborhood candle at a fair and this
big man who  I know who it is, I don't know if it's
a friend from there, I don't know if it's on YouTube
because he's confronting a
security guard with a security guard from
the fair in question, I imagine then we see
found how he enters to separate them
please don't toast one side and now
attention he
goes very rooster to hit the
security guard, I mean he's the same as the
security guard who is two meters tall no and
today in Hualien test he is not
doing it anymore because he has his friend who is
also two meters tall no but that
mistake made over there that I'm seeing that they
are recording me with the cell phone and
I'm going to hit read
what the [ __ ] what way to hit is that
although the way to hit is
like the hit ones look he goes to him he is the one who
hits the security guard and
he is the one who mops the floor but he no longer wants a
clay doll and the big guy comes around
here and is going to hit the other one but
the post go bigger
distributes how he is distributing here we are
in the middle hit like a girl already with everything
let's see the video well he
is inviting a sevillana
a paw
well I
don't think they are at this moment  this
moment is incredible no this moment is the
funniest of the video and is that we see
how Yao comes this way he makes his
way he makes his way here or rather he makes his
way he didn't make friends with them that they
are separating him but here no they are not
friends of why is it that he puts the
footprints look look at this half pose
we are here divine and it makes pop and already the
oatmeal commented a little the curb
key take take is hungry to commit
curb a little let's see it with
sound the very funny sounds
the curb doesn't happen anything peace in the whole
world have breakfast curb from time to time
nothing this is what has happened I think
that it is very funny for some of
you I like the news is that I
am the father of one of those girls
with whom you appear in the photos
bigger there in the mirandinos that
although you say not to hit her in the mouth we do
not see other photos in which it is
clear that there is lip contact but I
am the father of one of those girls and
the curb the curb in the least that she
eats you now any curb and the
least that you eat that orthodontics
gadgets that have teeth you have to
take them to junkyards
this on the one hand is what happened
today as a novelty do not fear more puts a
little surprise just before recording
this video but I have been a couple of days with
a video here waiting to
react in front of you okay it is a video that ya o cabrera uploaded on his on his personal channel no and it is titled abuse of a minor under 12 years old definitive evidence well I am just seeing this title as he writes it like that in lowercase
and the definitive evidence my
balls fall out leave me in the
comments
who is his teacher
who is his teacher I do not know if they are soul mates
ok we open the video and we have
here his good little zebra crossing
we see that he is going to give some explanations
about the accusations the sea of series and how
strong he is and the
power video obviously monetize it
with many ads we see him
do this to successes YouTube here I am going to be
really sincere not of what I
think I really do not think about the issue of
monetizing video yes it is true that
here many do not  I'm going to agree
with me but I would be deceiving you if I told you
what I really think, no, if he lives
off YouTube he eats from YouTube,
I sincerely don't see that you are a better
person for not monetizing a video, it
is true that many people say
men that it takes away from it, it takes away from the seriousness, it's
not like you're doing it for
money, I see that since you're going to give
YouTube a million and a half views,
then I don't see any need to monetize it, it's not
money that you're not taking from
anyone, it's not like something else would be that
they had to pay to see the video,
but some ads here next to it doesn't matter what I
have or what I don't premiere, it
's my opinion, I don't know if they are
profiting from you, for example, I have not monetized
videos like terrorist attacks,
someone's death, murders, that no,
no, no, that is already creepy
but one thing of yours that a topic of yours
is causing a mess for an issue of
yours and that you are moving the
scene here and then there are also channels
like mine, it's not a I am a [ __ ]
thief who are profiting
at the expense  from your topic few years you profit you
also do not get your fracture and
also your movie already to a certain extent that
is what I tell you something to a certain
extent not ugly either I do not frowned upon but
to a certain extent the issue of
putting ads in a video as I do not
see it better or worse there is not each one
with his right mind that does what he
wants to me what really seems
very strange that he has done quite a back
always at all times that is called
good football it is fine it helps you watch
your favorite team of your favorite pop whatever
you want and it is an application that
is totally free that speaks in
Spanish in English then and the other one killed him
the first the indecision to load
or rather they have the balls to not since
Monetti knows about the video but that he puts in there
is a promo for an application an
application that I already know about from other
youtuber colleagues who work with this
application that at least well I do not know if
the weapon will not pay him in a matter of
visits or such but a minimum of 200 300
euros is
worth this promotion dude if you upload
videos daily exact to say that you
upload daily video that they upload  a lot of
video that you work a lot you don't have
another video to put the jokes
juancojones now then the
blog starts no because he hasn't recorded this
with a fixed camera sitting in a room
talking seriously no no no no he
recorded this walking through the garden with the
little camera in his hand making his
movements and like that it's very funny not in the
way that always on youtube they are giving
youtube the blogger
standard with this music
[Music]
and
to me this sincerely seems like you
are a scoundrel already cabrera you
are laughing here at all the people you
think that this music does it seem
serious to you to put that music that music from
the videos made that it opens the
kinder eggs of the phrases and the stones
that you put that music to a video in which you are
going to defend yourself from
accusations of harassing minors and
abusing minors is that he has already put it is that what makes me
think and
made a reflection that you all have to take
a person who makes this video and
puts this music to what audience is this
video dedicated to the
video already be short  quite 10 11
2 minutes I
come to clarify a little bit today's video is going to
be short it's just going to last
two or three minutes, do you think it's a
short video or Cabrera, do you
think a 12 or 13 minute video is
short,
a short video is five minutes,
yeah, silly, a 13 minute video, you
're marking here, let's see, I'm going to
explain and I'm going to put it here on the
screen, okay, I'm not going to fool around
with you, you know that I'm
totally transparent, okay, and here you
have two videos from my channel with
approximately the same views, okay,
about 70,000 views, okay, same theme
and the same,
you see that the video has the
same views, but there's one that lasts more
than ten minutes and there's another that doesn't, what
happens is that when we youtubers
make a video starting at 10 minutes,
we have the option to put the
yellow ads, you must put them
in between, we can put them starting
at a ten minute video,
this makes the profit of the video
very, very, very different from  if you don't
put ads in it, okay, here you have the very
clear example, no, which is why I see it as
totally respectable that a youtuber who makes a
living from youtube has given a video of
more than 10 minutes, to put in some
jokes, follow what elements are there not between
such and that he makes the video last 10
minutes because because instead of charging
500 euros a month it can mean he charges
1,500 damn the difference is clear no if
you go to your job and your boss tells you
hey it's nice you want to charge 1,200 euros
you prefer to charge 700 what is he going to say
anything nothing to me pay me 700
with that I really bothered me one
negative thing is positive advertising that
really gives me a [ __ ] if it was very
good but I am forgive me if I say it
many times but it reminds me a
lot of another Spanish youtuber and is
that he has the same way of thinking or is he
guided by the I don't know anymore this
is a fallacy really fat and
absurd nonsense what he just said
okay what you say when the internet didn't exist
like  now not
social networks not that the publicity is good
or bad is publicity okay but
nowadays negative publicity is negative
already Cabrera a youtuber does not want to have a
bad image on youtube does not want to have
negative publicity
what will happen to you the same as happens to
the youtuber from which he is taking an
example okay no brand is going to want you what are we
going to do with any
brand let's see no matter how much we
charge for the videos okay that is what
we charge for the monetization of
the videos it is 30 or 40 or even in
some cases 20% of what we charge
in total per month for being on the internet
because because we simply charge more
for that application for example than at the
beginning of the video that has
surely charged the same as for the entire video
for putting some brand in the back there for
putting on a t-shirt of a certain brand for
brand okay advertising campaign and to you
or Cabrera it will happen to you if not it would happen to you
that you will be dead in the media that no
brand wants you which is what
happened to de greg when he put the audio at
180 that he audited I will take his [ __ ] car away
and  well that thing about your life is not a piece of
[ __ ] xiao cabrera that you stay
that you are a meme on the internet and that
people hate you try that you have
a tiny little list okay
for you it gives me
with this I met you gave look joke to a
pharmacist woman who humiliatingly
and you threw a pie at her in the middle of the
street insult your sister okay bug
another another youtuber who uses his
sister in the videos okay I have seen you
in several videos doing [ __ ] to your
sister not in a way laughing at her
doing a heavy test
the fake stabbing no that went viral
this year if I'm not mistaken the previous one
abuse of a fan in a hotel that that
controversy okay you did it a couple
of years ago but it came to light this year
fake jokes well don't even tell you not the
dbs that they caught you that almost to
videos with fake jokes no well the
pedophile house no my mother now when
you put on that spectacle there is no
viral nor did your little soap opera team
from now on no house  pedophiles no
this was a week ago that leaked the
phone number of a 15
year old youtuber because he made a video
criticizing you and they were soggy you went to
this it was last week and on my
channel I released a video about these
first months that we were able to advance
20th street does not bleed more than the
oldest for 31 points of farts making
extreme jokes it really is so good
that we screwed the postman we bothered
third parties and then he beat and everything
at that moment we put them together we have a
relationship that they were older than us
widely as if they begin to stop
talking we are liking content from
the shoulders healthier and the cabrera the
way he did it was [ __ ] [ __ ] and it
was in the purest style as if
the grupero king comes to mind
s this
Mexican who also made a
criticism of the grupero king and you came back great
voice so that he ended up like you with a
red face but you know what a joke
simpad look for example the will of the
short 10 makes jokes on his girlfriend and does not
bother anyone no guy  he makes jokes
on the street and I'm going to call him from
nice to a kid and what he hasn't mentioned
you can compare yourself no but what you
did was bother people to an
illegal point or angry that's why many
youtubers that's why for many more things
not because of the jokes that this one said here in
the video that was a bad image because you are
a shitty guy until now that
really for me it was very difficult because they
are adrenaline I like to medicate
people
completely people but if that generated
damage or a bad image in a lot
of things you say taken out to see if to see if
I'm going crazy with
this youtube thing but I mean he said with
all his balls with all a
square egg he said that he likes to bother
people
but that he stopped doing it because it gave a
bad image and because they were
criticizing him because the life of life life is
worth it that I'm leaving life come on
don't tell me that he used
Donald Trump as an example I'm
not going to repeat what the other
youtuber did okay but you will all understand me
let's see kid what Donald goes after being
elected  in the elections because he
said what every
progressive in his country wanted to hear and
girlfriend goes into politics because it's not
my thing but I'm a cabrera here in my country
Mariano Rajoy comes out I assure you that it's another
meme just like you just like all the
because the reality is in this case
cluj I don't know if you know but there is
a photo of me that appears from that moment
here in which a failure because that is
a failure you have no other definition
for your life and what you do of
failure because if you come to criticize
people
cabrera to you the youtubers who make
criticisms and comment on videos such we do not
criticize you because we do not have a life do not
notice you we do not criticize you because we are your
idol because we are pending you we
criticize you because you are always being
the mongol or it is not our fault
that you are an [ __ ]
be stupid do not do all the things that I have
done in the list and we will not talk about you
I did not dress any spam is not that the
most loving person who can on
earth
are all deluding as people
because there will also be men and  again
but he does the same thing the same as another
youtube was here Spanish and is that if you
take it as a joke he does not make a meme of
any violation of any abuse
makes a meme makes a joke or in other words a
parody no but above all it is worth highlighting
and putting in there with a shoehorn not from
time to time in the dialogue that he is a
piece of youtube or see and that it is
growing a lot and that it is not
bad what we advance and
as by other means and here so that if
you do not like what he is telling you
because if they are when virtual united
next to that I already tell you is not bad
simply exists the youtube past if
you change we now moved
all these days we work we have 40
people dealing with us we have
editors we have photographers we have to
build to the clothes we have stacy from
clothing store now a woman opens and there are
many things and so that they are always
advancing guys I am leaving
life what hamburger place you go to brito
fool the free bourgeois of her or
cabrera is that I am that you are the [ __ ]
dude here already sticks the rest of five
minutes or what  missing video talking
about his team go up to the sub city was
this is the [ __ ] man and already cabrera I
remind you again there is a photo of you in
which there is no doubt that there is
lip contact I am
not going to lengthen this video any longer because it is
getting out of hand I can already
put the ads in it
and just three or four months ago there was
a scandal with you when you went on
television to give an explanation and it was
a lamentable spectacle they
invited you to a program in your country to give
explanations to defend yourself and you went with
the [ __ ] sweatshirt of your brand there are copies
of another youtuber that of course your
brand is copied to another youtube and you were an
artist and you were a scoundrel
with the presenter
and those images came out where they abuse 6
in a hotel of a faith with that I say it
all gentlemen until the next video